In 1987, the International Space University was founded to develop and implement international
space-related curriculum.
This university would identify, assemble, and educate a new generation of young leaders
from around the world.
By uniting these students in an intensive program of study and research, ISU would foster
long-lasting ties between these future heads of industry, government, and academia, creating
an international network, which would help assure cooperation in the opening of space.
In the summer of 1988, that mission was accomplished, and the International Space University
was born.
For the first summer session of the International Space University, 104 of the world's top graduate
level students from 21 nations came together on the campus of the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology.
Having undergone a rigorous selection program, these students participated in an experience
that would change their lives and quite possibly the world forever.
So what we are going to talk about, and what you are going to listen to, and what you are
going to take part in in the next ten weeks, is much more important than just a learning
experience.
It is a creative experience.
You are creating your future.
There is nothing more important because in your future lies the history and the future
of the human species.
The ISU class of 88 is going to be a major component in the space leadership of the world
in the future.
These are impressive young professionals with a formidable list of credentials to their
credit.
They are gifted with enormous intelligence and unbelievable resources of energy.
For over 60 days and nights, these students were immersed in one of the most rigorous
and intensive space education programs ever organized.
From the world's space powers to those nations only now on the threshold of utilizing space
technology, ISU has something to offer everyone.
The whole process involves all the training, involves a look at all communication technologies
and using satellites for remote sensing, monitoring the growth of forests or the spread of forests
all over the place.
And in my country, this is one of the technology we require and we will use this to implement
these facilities.
I had a few ideas about space and what that space means.
But when I came here to ISU and after the completion of this program, two month intensive program,
I can say that I learned a lot during this program.
Including 240 hours of lectures and instruction by leading experts from 14 nations, students
are exposed to the latest ideas in all fields of space development, exploration, technology
and administration.
Stressing a multidisciplinary approach to education, ISU has developed courses in the following
eight departments of space studies.
Architecture, business and management, engineering, life sciences, policy and law, resources
and manufacturing, satellite applications, physical sciences.
The quality of the lectures we've had here has been just superb.
We've had experts in space business, for example, the chief designer of the shuttle.
Siderootensinus come in, but he is now president of Rockwell Space Transportation Systems
and he has talked to us about what it means to be involved in space business, what better
perspective could you have?
If we met the best in the field, I mean professional wise and much of those wise, and we saw
insight or view that we never could see it from school or from anywhere else.
Normally confined to one or two areas of specialization, ISU students are taught the importance
of broad-based knowledge, developing the skills necessary to effectively work in a multidisciplinary
environment.
To accomplish this goal, each session students work on a simulation of a major space project.
During the 1988 session, they spent over 280 hours working with interdisciplinary teams,
which planned and designed a viable lunar base for research and industry.
Students on experiments such as this one are vital to giving students and faculty a feel
for the real problems that are involved in space operations.
And no student who has operated the system will be able to have any doubts about whether
or not it's possible to control machinery in real time on the moon.
The multidisciplinary approach that this program took has been a real eye opener.
ISU students represent a global network of expertise and talent, a benefit which is
of extreme importance in this global economy.
What's important is the experience of getting to know other people, getting a common base.
You know the people when you have to talk to them in the future, and everything's going
to be so much easier when you can negotiate with friends than with people you've never
met before.
So it needs a lot of international collaboration in the future to establish a space station
with lunar base.
What I will go away with is a base of contacts with the world, people who are at my age,
or approximately my age, or my motivation are interested in the things that I'm interested
in, and that is an incredible bond to have.
ISU is going to be the training ground for those savvy individuals who know how to operate
in this world marketplace, and know how to cut across the boundaries of governments and
corporations, pull together projects and programs, and make them work.
ISU is looking to the future, and that future is bright.
After four more summer sessions hosted at the world's greatest educational institutions,
ISU will open the doors on its first permanent campus during the International Space Year
1992.
From this central campus, ISU will beam lectures and teleconferences to advance students and
researchers at daughter campuses around the world.
The goal of ISU is to become the first true space university at the dawn of the 21st
century, with students and faculty actually studying and working in space.
I think the ISU concept as well as other concepts like this is an absolute seedbed to spring
new ideas and innovation into our total process.
The ISU is building international bridges.
To move out into space is going to be very, very expensive, and I think if we're going
to do it seriously, we're going to have to do it as an international endeavor.
And I think the ISU plants the seeds of international cooperation and demonstrates the benefits to
its student body, and that can only be to the good in the long run.
Space is going to invade all the areas of our being in the next 20 or 30 years, and it's
in everybody's interest to make sure that it's there, it's free, it's international,
and it's forward-looking.
If I had any money, I would put it in.
Dozens of space organizations and sponsors have stepped forward to support the ISU dream
of a new worldwide network of young leaders who have the capabilities and drive to push
their nations and companies into leading roles as we enter the 21st century.
These visionary sponsors see the international space university as the important investment
that it is.
By supporting an ISU student today, they are creating a leader for tomorrow.
As the people of Earth take their first steps outward into the solar system, we are faced
with a choice.
Do we do it alone?
Or together?
When we carry on as we have for thousands of years, or do we try something new?
The students of the International Space University are ready to accept the challenge of tomorrow
now.
Together, we can reach the stars.
TheCheers
of Galaxy
Friends
your
Bitcoin
K Citizens
ready
Greetings to all you gathered for the first graduation ceremony of the International Space
University. I send a specially warm wishes to my colleagues at MIT, my old friend Roy Gibson,
and the men behind the ISU, Peter Diamantis, Todd Hawley, Bob Richards, and their colleagues.
I particularly pleased that I can greet you while remaining comforted home on the other side
of the earth. I never really expected the commsats would be so useful to me personally. In fact,
I never expected to see them in my lifetime. You were the first representatives of a true
space-faring species whose world is not bounded by the confines of one planet. So let me share
with you a passage I wrote like in 1969 for the history of the Apollo 11 mission, first on the moon.
Half a billion years ago, the moon summoned life out of its first home, the sea, and that is on the empty
land. For as it drew the tides across the barren continents of primeval earth, their deity rhythm
exposed to the sun and air, the creatures of the shadows, most perished, but some adapted to
the new and hostile environment that contrasted to the land had begun. We shall never know when this
happened on the shores of what vanished sea. There were no eyes or cameras to record the event.
Now the moon calls again, and this time life responds to the roar that shakes the sky.
When a Saturn 5 soars space words on 4,000 tons of thrust, it signifies more than a triumph of
technology. It opens the next chapter of evolution. Well, that was written in 1969, and we're going
to return to the moon. But when we go there again, it will be in vehicles that will make the Saturn
5 for all its staggering complexity and its 150 million horsepower,
it looks like a clumsy, inefficient dinosaur of the early space age. And this time we will stay.
The space travel is a technological mutation that already should not arrive until the 21st century.
But thanks to the ambition and genius of men like Werner von Braun and Sergei Korol,
and their influence upon such diverse individuals as Kennedy and Kurschtoff, the moon was reached
half a century ahead of time. And now you can take advantage of this historical accident.
Korol has I Newton once remarked, you are standing on the shoulders of giants.
The moon was a fitting subject for our efforts during the first session of the ISU.
Do not lose the momentum of your work or the intensity of your vision, whatever obstacles you may
encounter. As H.T. Wells once put it, the choice is universe or nothing.
The resources of that universe are by all human standards infinite.
There are no limits to growth among the stars. Unfortunately, there's a tragic mismatched
between our present needs and our capabilities. The conquers of space will not arrive
soon enough to save millions from needing starved and stunted lives. Thus it is all the more urgent
that we exploit to the utmost. The marvelous tools that space technology has already given us,
commsats, weather sats, geosats, earth resources sats, and all the other sats yet to be invented.
And this is the reason, as I've said many times in the past, that the third world needs space
technology even more urgently than the so-called developing world.
You will find the years to come that the experience which you have shared with your fellow ISU
students would have changed your life. To work with friends from a score of other nations
who profoundly affect your worldview, and that may well be the most important role of the ISU.
As our terrestrial universities once first flourished during the times of great exploration and discovery
on our own planet, so the ISU is a response to the first exploration of space.
The blossoming art and science during the Renaissance may now be repeated in artists and poets
join scientists and engineers at the New Frontier. As the university begins its second year in Europe,
and later in other locations around the globe, I eagerly await its growth to a permanent
full-time institution which will train tomorrow's space professionals.
I would like to know the future that you will help to create, but that is a privilege to be
reserved for your children and grandchildren. It is they who, who could H.T. Wells again,
shall stand upon this earth as one stands upon a footstool and wreak head their hand among the stars.
I wish you well for your represent a new evolutionary brought to humanity.
Congratulations on your achievement and my very best wishes for your futures in space.
Thank you and goodbye.